Who's ready for exercise six?
Me, [LAUGH] great, so
we'll run node dev 6 and
open up exercise six readme.
This is what we're gonna start talking
about progressive enhancement and
let me just make sure there's
nothing I need to mention.
I'm just gonna I shout this
out in the instructions, but
I'm gonna mention it again.
There's a hook that you're gonna
be using called useTransition,
there's a hook in React
called useTransition.
We shipped first but
they did like everybody knew it was
gonna be used transition,
we are going to rename this hook.
It will probably be called useNavigation,
I think.
But yeah, just good to know when you're
doing this if you do an auto import,
make sure it's coming from remix,
not from react.
Cuz they are completely different in
what they do what they're for and yeah,
it will not work if you're
importing from react for that.
Okay, other than that, I think you
should be good with the instructions.
The objective of this one is
to add a loading state so
that when you click on the Create button.
If you'll wanna simulate a slow
network in your network tab,
let me show you how to do
that really quick actually.
So, we're on port 4006, go to Post, Admin.
And then, if you go open up your
dev tools in the Network tab,
there should be a way to
throttle your network speed.
So you wanna go to slow 3G,
this is the one aspects of your
application you have zero control over,
isn't that terrifying?
That there's a part of your app you
have no control over at all, yeah,
that's what's so fun about the web.
And so yeah, we're going to simulate
a slow network experience and
gives users a nice pending UI,
that's the objective of this exercise.
In addition to that the extra credit
is also to handle a slow network and
that is to enable users to
prefetch the content for
these pages as the users interacting so
that you don't wait until they click,
but you actually can start
loading the data ahead of time.